now listen Alice time invested talking
lot but I had your manly hook but you're
more concerned about how your follows
think tail-heavy look and we treat that
shit I would like to be gassed up then
they get a heads up and niggas kiss
ghosts like Casper
damn girl that put some Gucci powder was
sneaking fucked enemy he passed around
back I love us hey you ain't even seen
you make no clue you mean I've been fake
enough and then we can be breaking up
damn breaking up we got down and out you
Colin you'll be taking up well from the
car that shit
see picture this picture this like canon
rebel me fake hose I swear to you I
haven't seen several later fucking devil
I was gonna love they let her thirst but
later I wanna come running back for a
doctor purple side boulders drinking
coming out refill share me to this
relationship but she was eyes tonight
you'll see field see what you can t wait
last time I check head is going on and
now you ready nigga gone with no as I
grab my car keys my laptop my nine five
sick about those good times this shit
sweet light montage I gotta free myself
you last time almost died but chose no
catch I don't got nine lives only got
one watch time when we fought the time
to heal their WPS concealer see this
love life in this party library so
fellas wait day you better set aside I
had no feelings just met a bitch she
already top five chili chili
hey you know what it is you would see TV
video killers on set of DJ shows new
music videos Silver's machine check it
out machine fuck with me add videos
killers be chaotic
for this you went from my job just tell
me that she feels me bushy